README.md, before:

# The Bouncy Castle Crypto Package For C Sharp

The Bouncy Castle Crypto package is a C\# implementation of cryptographic algorithms and protocols, it was developed by the Legion of the Bouncy Castle, a registered Australian Charity, with a little help! The Legion, and the latest goings on with this package, can be found at [http://www.bouncycastle.org](http://www.bouncycastle.org). In addition to providing basic cryptography algorithms, the package also provides support for CMS, TSP, X.509 certificate generation and a variety of other standards such as OpenPGP.

The Legion also gratefully acknowledges the contributions made to this package by others (see [here](http://www.bouncycastle.org/csharp/contributors.html) for the current list). If you would like to contribute to our efforts please feel free to get in touch with us or visit our [donations page](https://www.bouncycastle.org/donate), sponsor some specific work, or purchase a support contract through [Crypto Workshop](http://www.cryptoworkshop.com).

Except where otherwise stated, this software is distributed under a license based on the MIT X Consortium license. To view the license, [see here](http://www.bouncycastle.org/licence.html). The OpenPGP library also includes a modified BZIP2 library which is licensed under the [Apache Software License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/). 

**Note**: this source tree is not the FIPS version of the APIs - if you are interested in our FIPS version please contact us directly at  [office@bouncycastle.org](mailto:office@bouncycastle.org).

## Mailing Lists

For those who are interested, there are 2 mailing lists for participation in this project. To subscribe use the links below and include the word subscribe in the message body. (To unsubscribe, replace **subscribe** with **unsubscribe** in the message body)

*   [announce-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org](mailto:announce-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org)  
    This mailing list is for new release announcements only, general subscribers cannot post to it.
*   [dev-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org](mailto:dev-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org)  
    This mailing list is for discussion of development of the package. This includes bugs, comments, requests for enhancements, questions about use or operation.

**NOTE:**You need to be subscribed to send mail to the above mailing list.

## Feedback 

If you want to provide feedback directly to the members of **The Legion** then please use [feedback-crypto@bouncycastle.org](mailto:feedback-crypto@bouncycastle.org), if you want to help this project survive please consider [donating](https://www.bouncycastle.org/donate).

For bug reporting/requests you can report issues here on github, via feedback-crypto if required, and we also have a [Jira issue tracker](http://www.bouncycastle.org/jira). We will accept pull requests based on this repository as well.

## Finally

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Completed with nuget package https://www.nuget.org/packages/BouncyCastle.NetCoreSdk/1.9.0

README.md, after:

# Inroduction

The release build from repository https://github.com/AlexPaskhin/bc-csharp; it is the fork from https://github.com/bcgit/bc-csharp.

It is the fulls scale software migration to the Net Core Sdk with full testing of the package.



The project build with targets:net40;net45;net452;net472;netstandard2.0

Nuget package located: https://www.nuget.org/packages/BouncyCastle.NetCoreSdk/1.9.0

## The Bouncy Castle Crypto Package For C Sharp

The Bouncy Castle Crypto package is a C\# implementation of cryptographic algorithms and protocols, it was developed by the Legion of the Bouncy Castle, a registered Australian Charity, with a little help! The Legion, and the latest goings on with this package, can be found at [http://www.bouncycastle.org](http://www.bouncycastle.org). In addition to providing basic cryptography algorithms, the package also provides support for CMS, TSP, X.509 certificate generation and a variety of other standards such as OpenPGP.

The Legion also gratefully acknowledges the contributions made to this package by others (see [here](http://www.bouncycastle.org/csharp/contributors.html) for the current list). If you would like to contribute to our efforts please feel free to get in touch with us or visit our [donations page](https://www.bouncycastle.org/donate), sponsor some specific work, or purchase a support contract through [Crypto Workshop](http://www.cryptoworkshop.com).

Except where otherwise stated, this software is distributed under a license based on the MIT X Consortium license. To view the license, [see here](http://www.bouncycastle.org/licence.html). The OpenPGP library also includes a modified BZIP2 library which is licensed under the [Apache Software License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/). 

**Note**: this source tree is not the FIPS version of the APIs - if you are interested in our FIPS version please contact us directly at  [office@bouncycastle.org](mailto:office@bouncycastle.org).

## Mailing Lists

For those who are interested, there are 2 mailing lists for participation in this project. To subscribe use the links below and include the word subscribe in the message body. (To unsubscribe, replace **subscribe** with **unsubscribe** in the message body)

*   [announce-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org](mailto:announce-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org)  
    This mailing list is for new release announcements only, general subscribers cannot post to it.
*   [dev-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org](mailto:dev-crypto-csharp-request@bouncycastle.org)  
    This mailing list is for discussion of development of the package. This includes bugs, comments, requests for enhancements, questions about use or operation.

**NOTE:**You need to be subscribed to send mail to the above mailing list.

## Feedback 

If you want to provide feedback directly to the members of **The Legion** then please use [feedback-crypto@bouncycastle.org](mailto:feedback-crypto@bouncycastle.org), if you want to help this project survive please consider [donating](https://www.bouncycastle.org/donate).

For bug reporting/requests you can report issues here on github, via feedback-crypto if required, and we also have a [Jira issue tracker](http://www.bouncycastle.org/jira). We will accept pull requests based on this repository as well.

## Finally

Enjoy!
